short videos, quizzes rephrase, added questions to all lessons and rep… (#416)
neo4j-graphacademy/courses: asciidoc/courses/aura-fundamentals/modules/3-services-tools/lessons/2-query/lesson.adoc

The Query UI consists of the sidebar, the Cypher editor, and the result frame(s).

   
== Create query blocks using AI

> You can also create query blocks using AI by clicking the "Generate with AI" button. This will prompt you to enter a description of the data you want to query, and the AI will generate a Cypher query based on your description:

Reviewer: There is a hanging "This".

What are "query blocks"? Should this just be queries?

```suggestion
You can generate queries from a prompt using the "Generate with AI" button. 

Enter a description of what you want to query and the Cypher will be created for you. For example, "FInd all movies".
```

video::https://cdn.graphacademy.neo4j.com/courses/aura-fundamentals/generate-query-ai.mp4[role="cdn", Generate Query AI, 350, 300]

== Querying
Start by exploring the database details.

Click on the labels and relationship types under **Database Information** to see the number of nodes and relationships in the database.

You can use the GenAI Query builder to create a query that returns all nodes and relationships in the database:

> video::https://cdn.graphacademy.neo4j.com/courses/aura-fundamentals/genai-query-builder.mp4[role="cdn",  GenAI Query Builder, 350, 300]

Reviewer: This is the same video as the one above.

https://cdn.graphacademy.neo4j.com/courses/aura-fundamentals/generate-query-ai.mp4

They have different names but the content is the same.

Is the section on Generating AI queries duplicate?
